---
title: Assets
---

Assets are resources that can be used in your game. Assets can be various types of content such as 3D models or audio files. They are provided in two different forms: Source and Target.

After uploading files for assets, the files are processed through an import pipeline that converts and optimizes the data for final use in the game.

## Types {#type}

OasisW supports importing various content types:

* Models (e.g., FBX, glb)
* 3D animations
* Images for textures (e.g., jpg, png)
* Audio (e.g., mp3, ogg)

When you upload a new file, the asset type is automatically set based on the type of file you uploaded. For example, if you upload a PNG file, the created asset will be of type *texture*.

## Source Assets and Target Assets {#source-assets-and-target-assets}

After asset type, the most important property of an asset is whether it's a **Source** asset or a **Target** asset.

Simply put, Source assets reference the original files you uploaded. Target assets are created at the end of the import pipeline for files generated by the OasisW conversion and optimization process.

For example, if you upload a Photoshop (PSD) file for a texture, a Source asset of type *texture* is created for that PSD file. Then the import pipeline is run and converts the PSD file to a JPG file. At the end of the process, a Target asset of type *texture* is created for the new JPG file.

The editor and game always reference only Target assets. This is because they are in a format that's ready for use and optimized for runtime.
